h1. net-simple

h2. Description

A simple wrapper for net-ssh and net-scp which allows running commands and
transferring files. Inspired by some functionality found

h2. Installation

    sudo gem install tpitale-net-simple

h2. Usage

    require 'net/simple'

Make a connection:

    host = Net::Simple.new('ip or host', 'username', 'password')

Three ways to run a command:

    host.connect do
      run('ls')
    end

    host.with_connection do |conn|
      conn.run('ls')
    end

    host.connect
    host.run('ls')
    host.close

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2009 Tony Pitale

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
